Update draft-voit-rats-attestation-results.md (#5)
ietf-rats/draft-voit-rats-attestation-results: draft-voit-rats-attestation-results.md

For the Verifier identity, it is important to review the chain of trust <!-- Henk(old): term not introduced, will have to introduce beforehand --> for that Verifier.
Additionally, the Relying Party must have confidence that the Trustworthiness Claims being relied upon from the Verifier considered the chain of trust for the Attesting Environment <!-- Henk(old): more the reason to introduce the term -->.

### Attester and Attesting Environment

Per {{I-D.ietf-rats-architecture}} Figure 2, an Attester and a corresponding Attesting Environment might not share common code or even hardware boundaries.
Consequently, an Attester implementation must ensure that any Attester Evidence which originates from outside the Attesting Environment MUST have been collected and delivered securely before any signing may occur. 

> Considering this, a Verifier must consider and include sufficient information in Attestation Results to enable a Relying Party to have confidence that the Attester's trustworthiness is represented via Trustworthiness Claims signed by the appropriate Attesting Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Considering this, a Verifier must take into account and include sufficient information via Attestation Results to enable a Relying Party's confidence in an Attester's trustworthiness that is represented via Trustworthiness Claims signed by the appropriate Attesting Environment.
```
